USR-102 fix(clerk-react): Add authStateKey field to useAuth (#1493)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/funny-toys-hide.md

---
'@clerk/clerk-react': minor

> ---

Reviewer: very nice!

Add an `authStateKey` field to the `useAuth` hook so it returns a value that is unique per auth state.

The `authStateKey` is a string value that was derived by hashing the `sessionId`, `userId` and the `orgId`. If any of these change in value, it will result in a completely different hash value. This can be of value if there is a need for caching.

Example with SWR

```jsx

const fetcher = {
    fetch('/user/123')
}

const singleUser = '/user'

useSWR(singleUser, fetcher); // this won't fetch '/user/456'
```

> With `authStateKey` this can be become

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With `authStateKey` this will become
```

---
'@clerk/clerk-react': minor
---

> Add authStateKey field to useAuth in order to have the auth state in a hashed format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an `authStateKey` field to the `useAuth` hook's return value that is unique per auth state.
```
